Update to `grants` documentation (#1707)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/building-a-dbt-project/hooks-operations.md

These examples from the community highlight some of the use-cases for hooks and operations!

> * [In-depth discussion of granting privileges using hooks and operations, for older versions of dbt](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/the-exact-grant-statements-we-use-in-a-dbt-project/430)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [In-depth discussion of granting privileges using hooks and operations, for older versions (i.e. prior to 1.2.0)  of dbt](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/the-exact-grant-statements-we-use-in-a-dbt-project/430)
```

Reviewer 2: Great call out, @dataders! Can we just rephrase a little?
```suggestion
* [In-depth discussion of granting privileges using hooks and operations for dbt Core versions prior to 1.2](https://discourse.getdbt.com/t/the-exact-grant-statements-we-use-in-a-dbt-project/430)
```
